Document MySQL 8.4.x minimum and how to upgrade MySQL in Self-Managed deployments (#2653)
wandb/docs: snippets/_includes/self-managed-mysql-eol-upgrade.mdx

<Important>

> MySQL 8.0.x reached end of life in April 2026. W&B Self-Managed deployments require MySQL 8.4.x. If you are still on MySQL 8.0.x, plan an upgrade using the steps in [Upgrade MySQL to 8.4.x](/platform/hosting/self-managed/operator#upgrade-mysql-to-84x).

Author: ```suggestion
MySQL 8.0.x reached end of life in April 2026. W&B Self-Managed deployments must run a supported MySQL version that receives security patches and critical bug fixes. Install or upgrade to **MySQL 8.4.x** or a managed service your provider documents as compatible with MySQL 8.4.x (for example Amazon RDS for MySQL, Google Cloud SQL for MySQL, or Azure Database for MySQL). W&B has validated the platform against MySQL 8.4.0 and current 8.4.x releases. If you are still on MySQL 8.0.x, plan an upgrade using the steps in [Upgrade MySQL to 8.4.x](/platform/hosting/self-managed/operator#upgrade-mysql-to-84x).
```
